Add CLIP resources (#26534)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/clip.md

A list of official Hugging Face and community (indicated by 🌎) resources to help you get started with CLIP.

- [Fine tuning CLIP with Remote Sensing (Satellite) images and captions](https://huggingface.co/blog/fine-tune-clip-rsicd), a blog post about how to fine-tune CLIP with [RSICD dataset](https://github.com/201528014227051/RSICD_optimal) and comparison of performance changes due to data augmentation.
- This [example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/contrastive-image-text) shows how to train a CLIP-like vision-text dual encoder model using a pre-trained vision and text encoder using [COCO dataset](https://cocodataset.org/#home).

<PipelineTag pipeline="image-to-text"/>

- A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1tuoAC5F4sC7qid56Z0ap-stR3rwdk0ZV?usp=sharing) on how to use a pretrained CLIP for inference with beam search for image captioning. 🌎

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

**Image retrieval**

- A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1bLVwVKpAndpEDHqjzxVPr_9nGrSbuOQd?usp=sharing) on image retrieval using pretrained CLIP and computing MRR(Mean Reciprocal Rank) score. 🌎
- A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/deep-diver/image_search_with_natural_language/blob/main/notebooks/Image_Search_CLIP.ipynb) on image retrieval and showing the similarity score. 🌎
- A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1xO-wC_m_GNzgjIBQ4a4znvQkvDoZJvH4?usp=sharing) on how to map images and texts to the same vector space using Multilingual CLIP. 🌎 

> A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/vivien000/clip-demo/blob/master/clip.ipynb#scrollTo=uzdFhRGqiWkR) on how to run CLIP on semantic image search using [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com) and [TMBD](https://www.themoviedb.org/) datasets.🌎

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/vivien000/clip-demo/blob/master/clip.ipynb#scrollTo=uzdFhRGqiWkR) on how to run CLIP on semantic image search using [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com) and [TMBD](https://www.themoviedb.org/) datasets. 🌎
```

> - A blog post on [How to fine-tune CLIP on 10,000 image-text pairs](https://huggingface.co/blog/fine-tune-clip-rsicd).

Author: ```suggestion
- [Fine tuning CLIP with Remote Sensing (Satellite) images and captions](https://huggingface.co/blog/fine-tune-clip-rsicd), a blog post about how to fine-tune CLIP with [RSICD dataset](https://github.com/201528014227051/RSICD_optimal) and comparison of performance changes due to data augmentation.
```

> - CLIP is supported by this [example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/contrastive-image-text).

Author: ```suggestion
- This [example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/contrastive-image-text) shows how to train a CLIP-like vision-text dual encoder model using a pre-trained vision and text encoder using [COCO dataset](https://cocodataset.org/#home).
```

<PipelineTag pipeline="image-to-text"/>

> - A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1tuoAC5F4sC7qid56Z0ap-stR3rwdk0ZV?usp=sharing) on how to use a pretrained CLIP for inference with beam search. 🌎

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1tuoAC5F4sC7qid56Z0ap-stR3rwdk0ZV?usp=sharing) on how to use a pretrained CLIP for inference with beam search for image captioning. 🌎
```

**Image retrieval**

- A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1bLVwVKpAndpEDHqjzxVPr_9nGrSbuOQd?usp=sharing) on image retrieval using pretrained CLIP and computing MRR(Mean Reciprocal Rank) score. 🌎
- A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/deep-diver/image_search_with_natural_language/blob/main/notebooks/Image_Search_CLIP.ipynb) on image retrieval and showing the similarity score. 🌎
- A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1xO-wC_m_GNzgjIBQ4a4znvQkvDoZJvH4?usp=sharing) on how to map images and texts to the same vector space using Multilingual CLIP. 🌎 

> A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/vivien000/clip-demo/blob/master/clip.ipynb#scrollTo=uzdFhRGqiWkR) on how to run CLIP on semantic image search using [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com) and [TMBD](https://www.themoviedb.org/) datasets.

Author: ```suggestion
A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/vivien000/clip-demo/blob/master/clip.ipynb#scrollTo=uzdFhRGqiWkR) on how to run CLIP on semantic image search using [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com) and [TMBD](https://www.themoviedb.org/) datasets.🌎
```

- A blog post on [How to fine-tune CLIP on 10,000 image-text pairs](https://huggingface.co/blog/fine-tune-clip-rsicd).
- CLIP is supported by this [example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/contrastive-image-text).

<PipelineTag pipeline="image-to-text"/>

> - A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1tuoAC5F4sC7qid56Z0ap-stR3rwdk0ZV?usp=sharing), a demo to using pretrained CLIP to inference captions with beam search. 🌎

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1tuoAC5F4sC7qid56Z0ap-stR3rwdk0ZV?usp=sharing) on how to use a pretrained CLIP for inference with beam search. 🌎
```

> <PipelineTag pipeline="text-to-image"/>

Author: ```suggestion
```

> - A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1py7au62Ky4ZdLtFJP0D4shNkIVym7JS6) on generating images with prompting style tokens with pretrained CLIP and VQGAN. 🌎

Author: ```suggestion

```

> 🚀 Deploy

Author: ```suggestion
**Image retrieval**
```

> - A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1py7au62Ky4ZdLtFJP0D4shNkIVym7JS6), a demo to generating image with prompting style tokens using pretrained CLIP and vqgan. 🌎

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1py7au62Ky4ZdLtFJP0D4shNkIVym7JS6) on generating images with prompting style tokens with pretrained CLIP and VQGAN. 🌎
```

> - A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1bLVwVKpAndpEDHqjzxVPr_9nGrSbuOQd?usp=sharing), a guide on image retrieval using pretrained CLIP and computing MRR(Mean Reciprocal Rank) score. 🌎

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1bLVwVKpAndpEDHqjzxVPr_9nGrSbuOQd?usp=sharing) on image retrieval using pretrained CLIP and computing MRR(Mean Reciprocal Rank) score. 🌎
```

> - A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/deep-diver/image_search_with_natural_language/blob/main/notebooks/Image_Search_CLIP.ipynb), a demo to image retrieval with how to show similarity score. 🌎

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/deep-diver/image_search_with_natural_language/blob/main/notebooks/Image_Search_CLIP.ipynb) on image retrieval and showing the similarity score. 🌎
```

- A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1xO-wC_m_GNzgjIBQ4a4znvQkvDoZJvH4?usp=sharing) on how to map images and texts to the same vector space using Multilingual CLIP. 🌎 

> 

Author: A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/vivien000/clip-demo/blob/master/clip.ipynb#scrollTo=uzdFhRGqiWkR) on how to run CLIP on semantic image search using [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com) and [TMBD](https://www.themoviedb.org/) datasets.

> ⚡️ Inference

Author: ```suggestion
📓 Explainability
```

> - A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1xO-wC_m_GNzgjIBQ4a4znvQkvDoZJvH4?usp=sharing), a demo showing how to map images and texts to the same vector space using Multilingual CLIP. 🌎 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1xO-wC_m_GNzgjIBQ4a4znvQkvDoZJvH4?usp=sharing) on how to map images and texts to the same vector space using Multilingual CLIP. 🌎 
```

> - A [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1xO-wC_m_GNzgjIBQ4a4znvQkvDoZJvH4?usp=sharing), a demo showing how to map images and texts to the same vector space using Multilingual CLIP. 🌎 

Reviewer 2: All these notebook are showcasing CLIP for inference, not for deployment. Deployment is when you export the model to ONNX for instance, optimize the model by applying quantization, etc.
